Example to read and load GOES XRS NRT JSON data (#6744)
sunpy/sunpy: changelog/6744.feature.rst

> In  `examples\time_series` added a new example `goes_xrs_nrt_json.py`
> This example shows  `how the goes_nrt` data can be queried using `matplotlib` and `sunpy.Timseries`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Added an example (:ref:`sphx_glr_generated_gallery_time_series_goes_xrs_nrt_data.py`) to download GOES NRT data and load it into `~sunpy.timeseries.TimeSeries`.
```

The file should be renamed from `feature` to `doc`.
